feat: add disclaimer API (#397)
rainbow-me/rainbowkit: site/data/docs/custom-app-info.mdx

  );
};
```

> 

Reviewer: I think this could warrant its own heading:

```
### Terms of service
```

> You can also provide your dapp's Terms of Service `termsOfServiceUrl` and Disclaimer `disclaimerUrl`, which will be displayed at the bottom of the connect modal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide your own Terms of Service (`termsOfServiceUrl`) and Disclaimer (`disclaimerUrl`). 
```

```tsx
import { RainbowKitProvider } from '@rainbow-me/rainbowkit';

const App = () => {
  return (
    <RainbowKitProvider
      appInfo={{
        appName: 'Rainbowkit Demo',
        termsOfServiceUrl: 'yourtermsofservice.com',
        disclaimerUrl: 'yourtermsofservice.com',
      }}
      {...etc}
    >
      {/* ... */}
    </RainbowKitProvider>
  );
};
```

> Note: your Disclaimer will not be displayed without you also specifying your Terms of Service.

Reviewer: oh this is interesting 🤔 i wonder if we can think of an API that would be more self-explanatory about this condition

right now both `termsOfServiceUrl` and `disclaimerUrl` are sibling properties and without looking at the docs there isnt much clearance that `disclaimerUrl` is dependant on `termsOfServiceUrl`

thinking out loud here, but could try and explore something like:
```
{
  appName: '',
  termsOfService: {
    url: 'https://terms-of-service.com',
    disclaimerUrl: 'https://disclaimer-url.com'
  }
}
```

any ideas?

Author: yes i agree, i explored this idea but determined that the above style of API is still not clear that you need one for the other

Author: open to ideas!

Reviewer: I dont think the API above is perfect, i'm trying to think of something better. But it does mean that in order to add the `disclaimerUrl`, users must go through `termOfService` which _may_ help. 

Otherwise, if we dont think it makes much of a difference, we can consider doing a check and doing a `console.warning` or even an `Error` if `disclaimerUrl` is provided without `termsOfServiceUrl`

Last thing to consider is, where did the requirement to make disclaimer note dependant on the terms come from, and why?

Author: I updated this PR based on your comments @peduarte let me know what you think 🤓

  );
};
```

## Terms of Service

You can also provide your own Terms of Service (`termsOfService`), which constitutes the terms (`url`) and an (optional) disclaimer (`disclaimerUrl`):

```tsx
import { RainbowKitProvider } from '@rainbow-me/rainbowkit';

const App = () => {
  return (
    <RainbowKitProvider
      appInfo={{
        appName: 'Rainbowkit Demo',
        termsOfService: {

>           url: 'yourtermsofservice.com',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          url: 'https://termsofservice.xyz',
```

>           disclaimerUrl: 'yourdisclaimer.com',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          disclaimerUrl: 'https://yourdisclaimer.xyz',
```

  );
};
```

### Add a Disclaimer

You can provide your own disclaimer to be displayed at the bottom of the connection modal. The `disclaimer` property in `appInfo` takes a `DisclaimerComponent` with arguments `Text` and `Link`. You can use it to build your own disclaimer that inherits the theming system. We export the `DisclaimerComponent` type for TypeScript users:

```tsx
import {
  RainbowKitProvider,
  DisclaimerComponent,
} from '@rainbow-me/rainbowkit';

const App = () => {

>   const disclaimer: DisclaimerComponent = ({ Text, Link }) => (

Reviewer 2: This needs to be hoisted out of `App` or it will create a new disclaimer component on every render.

Author: oops pulling out now
